c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Discord Bot.exe.config
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\obj\Debug\Discord Bot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Discord Bot.exe
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Discord Bot.pdb
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.xml
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\obj\Debug\Discord Bot.exe
c:\users\vartotojas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\obj\Debug\Discord Bot.pdb
C:\Users\Vartotojas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
C:\Users\Vartotojas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
C:\Users\Vartotojas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
C:\Users\Vartotojas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\ThinkingHome.Core.Plugins.dll
C:\Users\Vartotojas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\ThinkingHome.Plugins.Timer.dll
C:\Users\Vartotojas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
C:\Users\Vartotojas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Vartotojas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
C:\Users\Vartotojas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Vartotojas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\RedditSharp.dll
C:\Users\Vartotojas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Vartotojas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Vartotojas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Discord Bot\Discord Bot\bin\Debug\GiphyDotNet.dll
